docs: Add a FAQ section about recompilation due to IDE (#4183)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/faq.md

Sorry that you're having trouble using PyO3. If you can't find the answer to your problem in the list below, you can also reach out for help on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/discussions) and on [Discord](https://discord.gg/33kcChzH7f).

## `pyo3` is recompiled on every build

> Unless a `PYO3_PYTHON` environment variable is set, PyO3 will use Python executable located in `$PATH` to build. However, you may have hidden processes building you crate, and then PyO3, with a different `PATH`; it's frequently the case with IDEs executing `cargo check` in background, as rust-analyser plugin does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless a `PYO3_PYTHON` environment variable is set, PyO3 will use the Python executable located in `$PATH` to build. However, you may have hidden processes building your crate, and then PyO3, with a different `PATH`; this is frequently the case with IDEs executing `cargo check` in background, as the rust-analyser plugin does.
```

A solution can be to set a fixed `PYO3_PYTHON` environment variable for each build. You can for example write a cargo [configuration file](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/config.html), e.g. `.cargo/config.toml`, with
```toml
[env]

> PYO3_PYTHON = "venv/bin/python" # or any other Python path like "/usr/bin/python" 

Reviewer 2: Fixing the Python interpreter is one solution. Do we want to discuss the alternative to have rust-analyzer use a separate target directory, c.f. https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-analyzer/issues/6007, as well?

IIRC, this is often recommended to avoid build directory lock contention and appears to be more general approach and does not have the downside of having to fix the interpreter? OTOH, fixing the interpreter might actually a good thing to avoid build and test errors and such coming from unexpected Python environments?

Author: > Fixing the Python interpreter is one solution. Do we want to discuss the alternative to have rust-analyzer use a separate target directory, c.f. https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-analyzer/issues/6007, as well?

Indeed, I didn't considered this solution, and it may be indeed a better alternative.

> OTOH, fixing the interpreter might actually a good thing to avoid build and test errors and such coming from unexpected Python environments?

Yes, but it's kind of unrelated to this question of the FAQ. If users encounter issues caused by unexpected Python interpreters, then I think it will be worth to add a dedicated question in the FAQ.

I will update the answer to mention target directory as the first solution.
